v1

TODO:

verify internet explorer compatibility
also consider the rest of the browsers

fix bootstrap spacing issue

install google analytics for the page/site.

make sure html/css/js are all valid
make sure they are all cross browser compliant as much as possible.
maybe minify the css and js as well?

prevent older browsers from using the site?
 whats the min specs of the site to be used properly?
 whats stripe's min req
 whats bootstraps min req?
 etc

prevent the site from making more than $10 worth of requests per day? (during testing/beta)
make sure we're never charging too little (or less than what lob is charging).?

actually rank in google for some of the search results
    post to hacker news & reddit


v2

use angular-bw-email-autofill for email address autofill population on main page

use geo-ip for auto filling the src and dest state dropdown.

think about upgrading the bootstrap version?
think about upgrading the lob api version?

remove history for all files which have ever included api keys:??
    mailmypdf.py
    lob.py
    
maybe write a python script to add the keys from a GAE, but git ignored file (apikeys.txt), to app.yaml,
then call appcfg.py update ., then remove the keys from app.yaml, this way app.yaml stays in git control?

maybe make the form well shake when indicating one of the addresses is incorrect/invalid (like the stripe modal does)
 at least just try it out to see if it looks good or better (looks like its angular.js)
 https://www.reddit.com/r/angularjs/comments/2dheog/shake_that_login_form_with_angularjs/

change address handling to get the address from the fields ONCE, store the addresses in lob and then retrieve them?
 or maybe theres some better way to not have to do the same thing multiple times?

think about printing options that lob supports ie b&w, front&back or just front, etc.

send the lob reciept email to the pdf sender.
 - this cant be done. we need to use the lobapi to get the estimated delivery date
 - then create our own reciept that we send through SMTP

add ability to do bulk mailing
    - upload text file of addresses for To, and a single pdf
    - then make all the correct lob api calls to mail each one.

have a way for people to easily convert documents to PDF (maybe not necessary for most people)
    start with converting word documents.

think about a mobile-centric version of the site, one that's easy to use from an iphone.
